# Result

- score, 75% pass
- time, 1h10min

## 1/16
general purpose ssd storage is 3 IOPS for each GB. so 1000 IOPS is 333.33GB, nearly 334GB.

## 2/16
the vpc gateway endpoint for s3 and DynamoDB is not enough.

## 3/16
api gateway, lambda, dynamoDB is okay for avoid manage the infrastructure.

the RDS Multi-AZ DB instance also need to manage the infrastructure.

## 4/16 
predictive scaling of Auto Scaling, will help you avoid the need to over-provision capacity.

## 5/16
Lambda@Edge, it's a feature of CloudFront, lets you run code closer to users of your application. 

so the solution is to write a lambda function, and deploy it to Lambda@Edge.

## 6/16
should use gateway vpc endpoint for s3 without incurring data transfer charges.

## 7/16
a second vpns and a second customer gateway. this will help to mitigate any single point of failure.


## 8/16
a text documents totaling about 900 TB in size.
use s3 is the most cost-effectively.

## 9/16
Just use Systems Manager Patch Manager to apply the patch to all instances. rather than the Systems manager run command.

## 10/16
AGA, amazon Global Accelerator provided two global static public IPs that act as a fixed entry point to you application. so at the back of it, can have NLB, ALB, EC2 instances, Elastic IPs.

## 11/16
D, s3 Event Notifications to SNS, create SQS for each application, and subscribe each queue to the topic for processing.

## 12/16
the Beanstalk should be the least amount of configuration.

## 13/16
it seeems like just remember the ip address 169.254.169.254 is the only correct format to 
get the latest matedata from an instance.

## 14/16
if use Redshift, consider use Redshift Spectrum to query on s3 and join exist data in redshift.

## 15/16
It should be NAT gateway, it can let the instance visit other third-party services, but don't allow them to visit itself.

ALB is wrong, coz it will used for incoming traffic.

## 16/16

- CloudTrail log file validation. It has the digest files also include a key pair. To make sure the logs are not miss anything.
- To create a AWS Config rule to config a SSE-KMS is also important for CloudTrail.