## Result
correct 78%
time: 1h20mins

## 1/14
interface endpoint for kinese.

https://tutorialsdojo.com/vpc-interface-endpoint-vs-gateway-endpoint-in-aws/

## 2/14
set desired capacity of 20 shortly before the office opens when using auto scaling.

## 3/14
The key point is extend across multiple Availability Zones. the ELB don't need to change to ALB in this case.

## 4/14
Two service, remember to use SQS queue to handle.

## 5/14
For a script in S3 wihch need to execute in client browser, just enable the CORS on the S3 bucket.

## 6/14
For reduing the latency of API Gateway, enable API Gateway Caching. 
Just assume the CloudFront is the default for this case, don't need to add it again.

## 7/14
Congiure the Auto Scaling group to use the average CPU as teh scaling metric. not free memory, 
coz the free memory is not available out-of-the-box.

## 8/14
when use fargate, consider to use ECS service auto scaling with a target tracking scaling policy that is based on CPU utilization.

## 9/14
Route 53 geoproximity, when you want to route traffic based on the location of your resources and, optionally, shift traffic from resource in one location to resources in another.

## 10/14
Transfer family SFTP-enabled server. and s3 file gateway only support NFS and SMB protocol.

## 11/14
copy ami of ec2 instance and specify a different region for the destination. 
launch a new EC2 instance from the ami in new region.

## 12/14
authorize the compute subnet's CIDR ranges in teh database's security group.

## 13/14
Lambda can run max for 15 min. cannot 30 min.
and Fargate is serverless solution. so should choose it.

## 14/14
should create snapshot when tests are completed. and Terminate the DB instance and restore the snapshot when required.
just stop will not save cost.

