## Result
- Correct: 74%
- Time: 1h 15h

## 1/17 it is a one-time activity. So Snowball Edge devices are fine.

## 2/17 Aurora global database with primary DB cluster and secondary DB cluster.

## 3/17 Use lambda, which is scalable. The Farget and EC2 would not help scale at the requirement rate.

## 4/17 ECS ALB Dynamic Port Mapping. 
When you use Classic Load Balancer, you can't run multiple copies of a task on the same instance. 
Instead, when you use the Classic Load Balancer, you must instead statically map port numbers on a container instance. 
However, because an Application Load Balancer uses dynamic port mapping, 
you can run multiple tasks from a single service on the same container instance.

## 5/17 use KMS to generate customer master keys (CMKs) and data keys. and use KMS policy to control access to the CMKs.

## 6/17 Lambda authorizer
use Lambda authorizer to control access to your API.

## 7/17 Configure Active-Active Failover using Route 53 Latency DNS records.

Failover routing policy – Use when you want to configure active-passive failover. You can use failover routing to create records in a private hosted zone.

## 8/17 AWS Config and AWS EventBridge to schedule an lambda fuction to remove the key.

AWS Config does not integrate with AWS Batch.

## 9/17 The question mentions that the keys stored on-premises.

so use SSE-C or client-side encryption.

## 10/17 NotAction with Deny. 

Deny all actions except for the notAction actions.

## 11/17 Transfer Family

The Storage Gateway Volume Gateway don't interact with S3 but works as EBS snapshos.

## 12/17 Modify the configuration of AWS WAF to add an IP match condition to block the malicious IP address.

## 13/17 AGA AWS Global Accelerator 

Help with poor performance when accessing the application over the internet.

the Route 53 GEO proximity routing policy is used to route traffic to the closest region.

## 14/17 Pilot Light, RPO/RTO: 10s of minutes.
stop the EC2 instances.

## 15/17 Firewall Manager and AWS WAF

AWS Shield is for DDoS protection.

## 16/17 deregistration delay timeout when there is concern of receiving a HTTP 5xx error.

EC2 Auto Scaling cooldown period is help to avoid over scaling or over draining.

## 17/17 S3 PreSigned Upload

So that don't make use of the existing web server.

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/PresignedUrlUploadObject.html

You may use presigned URLs to allow someone to upload an object to your Amazon S3 bucket. Using a presigned URL will allow an upload without requiring another party to have AWS security credentials or permissions. A presigned URL is limited by the permissions of the user who creates it. That is, if you receive a presigned URL to upload an object, you can upload an object only if the creator of the URL has the necessary permissions to upload that object.
