## Result
- score, 63%， failed
- time, 1hr29mins

## 1/24
SNS -> SQS -> Lambda.

## 2/24
GWLB Gateway Load Balancer, will coperate with third-party virtual firewall appliance.
and will use GWLB endpoint and GWLB in different vpc. and the GWLB endpoint and app server in different subnet.

## 3/24
SSE-KMS

## 4/24
AWS Transfer for SFTP.

## 5/24
Only instance store can suport serveral million transactions per second.

the EBS and EFS are network attached storage devices and would not able to provide least latency.

## 6/24
Aurora global database with the primary DB cluster in us-east-1 and secondary DB cluster in us-west-2.

## 7/24
the Pre-Signed URLs instead to upload the images.

## 8/24
use AWS WAF to block the malicious IP. And the cloudfront also needs to be used with WAF to enable ACLs.

## 9/24
it should be active-active, coz it mention both region are healthy.
and it should be Route 53 Latency, coz it mentions route user traffic to the region with least latency.

## 10/24
10% + 90% traffic divide, this strategy is warm standby DR strategy.

and the pilot Light strategy is recreate the app hosting environment on AWS by suing ec2 instances
and stop the ec2 instances. when fails, start the stoped instances and direct 100% of app traffic to it.


## 11/24
WAF can help protect APIs from SQL injection and cross-site scripting attacks and AWS Firewall Manager
can help configure it for multiple accounts and regions centrally reducing adminstrative effort.

## 12/24
cloudfront with ALB, cache behavior settings base on the language header.

## 13/24
KMS generate CMKs and data keys. key policies help control the access to the keys.

## 14/24
an IAM role that grants access to the S3 bucket. Attach the role to the EC2 instances.

the wrong reason: the policy need to attach to the role, then to the instance.

## 15/24
EFS, provides elastic shared file system which support the NFS protocol.

## 16/24
because network connectivity is intermittent and unreliable.

so AWS Snowball Edge devices to process and store the images.

## 17/24
AWS Config rule to check for the key age. and using Event Bridge rule to schedule an Lambda function to remove the key.

## 18/24
IPv6 traffic. NAT gateway don't support it.

egress-only internet gateway can be used to route IPv6 traffic from instances in private subnets
without them being exposed to the internet.

## 19/24
the deregistration delay timeout for the target group of the instances to greater than 900 seconds.

this is for in-flight request.

but the cooldown period only for launching or terminating additional instances, not for in-flight request.


## 20/24
SQS, S3, Lambda work together to handle.

S3 send a notification to the SQS queue when an image is uploaded to the s3 bucket.
configure the lambda function to use the SQS queue as the invocation source. when the SQS message 
is successfully processed, delete the message in the queue.

## 21/24
60TB data, need to transfer to on-primises. 

the best cost-effective way is Export the data from s3 bucket to Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device.
Ship the device to the on-premises location. Transfer the data. Return the device a week later.

## 22/24
an API Gateway custom authorizer to invoke an AWS Lambda function to validate each user's identity.

## 23/24
Storage Gateway file gateway to replace NFS storage.
Storage Gateway volume gateway to replace the block storage.


## 24/24
the medical images are store in s3. and after the instance processed the images will transfer to s3.
currently using Direct connect. 

So configure a VPC endpoint for S3. add an entry to the private subnet's route table for the s3 endpoint.

