# Result
score: 66% --> imporve 6 points
hours: 1 hour 20 minutes, fast 30 minutes (last time is 1 hour 50 minutes)
corrects questions: 43/65.

# Knowledge points

## 1/22 allows ingress from the security group used by instances in the private subnets. and attach the security group to an Amazon RDS DB instance.

The Security Group have implicit deny by default. 

Example: VPC with servers in private subnets and NAT.

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-example-private-subnets-nat.html

## 2/22 10TB data use encryped channel to send data to aws from on-premises within 72 hours.

use VPN. 

snowball. will more than 72 hours.
FTP and AWS Direct Connect don't support encrypted channel.

## 3/22 FSx for windows file server.

This can also used by linux and macos.....


## 4/22 Route 53 alias record.

the policy should be latency policy. case of the requests from the three regions.

## 5/22 Multi-AZ deployment for the DB instance.

RPO is 0. recovery point objective. 

https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/managed-disaster-recovery-with-amazon-rds-for-oracle-cross-region-automated-backups-part-1/

## 6/22 the incomplete s3 multipart upload will occupy storage.

https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws-cloud-financial-management/discovering-and-deleting-incomplete-multipart-uploads-to-lower-amazon-s3-costs/

## 7/22 note mention don't allow to delete the bucket. 
should choose versioning and lifecycle policy. rather than Object Lock in compliance or governance mode.

## 8/22 DynamoDB 

offer virtually unlimited scalability for the future.

## 9/22 nonstandard TCP ports ==> NLB Network Load Balancer.


## 10/22 Macie is for sensitive data. Inspector is for vulnerability management.

## 11/22 EFS only support less than 90 days lifecycle policy.
EBS don't provide scalable storage.

## 12/22 multi-Region KMS key.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/multi-region-keys-overview.html

## 13/22 ECS Availability Best Practices.

fargate is high availability. just create a task definition and deploy it. and a ecs service.

https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/amazon-ecs-availability-best-practices/


## 14/22 hibernation of EC2.

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Hibernate.html#enabling-hibernation

## 15/22 gateway VPC endpoint for DynamoDB is free.


## 16/22 

- GuardDuty is for threat detection.
- Systems Manager is for patching.
- Inspector is for vulnerability management.
- Config is for configuration management.

## 17/22 CloudWatch custom metrics.

Don't need to change the application. 

## 18/22 Placement groups of EC2.

## 19/22 VPC NACLs 
the Security Group do not support deny rules.

## 20/22 Expiration actions
Define when objects expired. S3 deletes expired objects on you behalf. 


## 21/22 VPC peering 

There is no single point of failure for communication or a bandwidth bottleneck.

You can also use a VPC peering connection to allow other VPCs to access resources you have in one of your VPCs.

## 22/22 Automatic instance recovery.

