## Result
Time: 1h20mins
Score: 75%

## 1/16
multi-answer => use when you want Route 53 to respond to DNS queries with up to eight healthy records selected at random.

weighted => use to route traffic to multiple resources in proportions that you specify.

## 2/16
RDS read replica would help reduce the load on the primary DB instance. However, it does not provide low latency.

so AWS ElastiCache would be a better choice.

## 3/16
The Amazon API Gateway does not write directly to SQS queue and would need Lambda or other compute services.

So the correct answer is: EC2 instance for frontend, and it writes to SQS queue. Place the backend instance in an Auto Scaling Group, and scale base on the queue depth to process and store the data in Amazon RDS.

## 4/16
AWS KMS is integrated with AWS CloudTrail, a service that provides a record of actions performed by a user, or an AWS service in AWS KMS. CloudTrail captures all API calls for AWS KMS as events.

## 5/16
ECS can provide support for multicontainer setup and ability to scale each service independently, while ALB can help support scaling while maintaining a single fully qualified domain name.

## 6/16
Create lambda function within the RDS VPC.
Change the ingress rules of the RDS security group allowing the lambda security group.

## 7/16
Should configure database security group to allow database traffic from the application server security group.

and the ACL are stateless and the ACLs should be configured on Web on DB subnet to allow outgoing and incoming traffic to each other.

## 8/16
use OAI, Origin Access Identity, for CloudFront to access private S3 objects and select the Restrict Viewer Access option in CloudFront cache behavior to use signed URLs.

needs Restrict Viewer enabled to enforce access through Signed URLs only.

## 9/16
Athena with S3 which support REST API and storage. the API gateway and Kinesis Data Analytics doesn't support storage.

## 10/16
API Gateway and Lambda can support serverless.

But don't need ALB, because requests can be directly routed from API Gateway.

## 11/16
Use three instances across each of two AZ. 

the Auto Scaling Groups does not span across regions.

## 12/16
- Enable Amazon Redshift Enhanced VPC Routing.
- Create and configure an Amazon S3 VPC endpoint.

## 13/16
create a service control policy in the root organizational unit to deny access to the services or actions.

## 14/16
the FSx currently not support by Fargate.
So the EFS is the best option.


## 15/16
yes, the answer should C. if one AZ down, will still have six instances running.

## 16/16
"when instances have spare CPU available" this means seems don't scale out.
"use EC2 instances in an AutoScaling group to read from the SQS queue". this more directly. so this is the answer.
