# Result
correct rate 60%. 39 correct, 26 incorrect.
Time use 1 hour 50 minutes.

# Knowledge points

## 1/26 EFS

multiple computes can access the same EFS file system at the same time. EC2, ECS, Lambda.

## 2/26 multi-tier application

commonly specifies, API gateway, Lambda, DynamoDB.

## 3/26 DynamoDB Global Table

support sub-second failover to any AWS Region.

## 4/26 AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager

## 5/26 RDS create replica in different region.

https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/edge/

## 6/26 VPC endpoints

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-privatelink/what-are-vpc-endpoints.html

### Gateway VPC endpoints

Gateway VPC endpoints provide reliable connectivity to Amazon S3 and DynamoDB without requiring an internet gateway or a NAT device for your VPC. Gateway endpoints do not use AWS PrivateLink, unlike other types of VPC endpoints.

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/gateway-endpoints.html

### Interface VPC endpoints

Interface VPC endpoints provide secure and fast network connectivity to AWS services and resources hosted on Amazon EC2 instances without going through the public internet.

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/interface-endpoints.html

## 7/26 Lambda@Edge

Lambda@Edge is a feature of Amazon CloudFront that lets you run code closer to users of your application, which improves performance and reduces latency.

## 8/26 Transit Gateway

multiple VPCs and on-premises networks can be connected to a Transit Gateway.

## 9/26 Auto Scaling - Predictive Scaling

Predictive Scaling is a feature of Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling that uses machine learning to predict the future capacity requirements of your application.

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/ec2-auto-scaling-predictive-scaling.html


## 10/26 Database Caching

Remote caches, such as Amazon ElastiCache.


## 11/26 Multi-AZ enabled

notes that Multi-AZ is important for high availability.

## 12/26 S3 Multipart Uploads

Split the Big File into smaller parts. if one part fails, you can retransmit that part without affecting other parts.

## 13/26 Placement Groups

Placement groups are a way to group EC2 instances together in a single Availability Zone or across multiple Availability Zones.

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/placement-groups.html

## 14/26 Instance Store

Instance Store is a storage service that provides fast, temporary storage for your Amazon EC2 instances.

## 15/26 NAT Gateway 

configure a NAT gateway in a public subnet. and Define a custom route able witha a route to the NAT gateway for internet traffic and associate it with the private subnets for the application tier.

## 16/26 Amazon FSx for Lustre

Amazon FSx for Lustre is a fully managed, high performance file system that is optimized for compute-intensive workloads.

And S3 and EFS are not ideal for high-performance computing(HPC) workload.

## 17/26 CloudTrail log file validation & SSE-KMS

CloudTrail log file validation is a feature that helps you ensure the integrity of your CloudTrail log files. It uses SHA-256 for hashing and SHA-256 with RSA for digital signing to make it computationally infeasible to modify, delete, or forge CloudTrail log files without detection.

SSE-KMS is a feature that encrypts your CloudTrail log files using a KMS key.

### NAT Instance

to initilize a NAT instance, you need to create a new AMI. It is a little bit complicated than NAT Gateway.

https://dev.to/parth7802/nat-instance-tutorial-4nde

### How to set a NAT Gateway

it's easy to set up a NAT Gateway than NAT Instance.

https://www.datanextsolutions.com/blog/using-nat-gateways-in-aws/

### Virtual Private Gateway
A virtual private gateway is the VPN endpoint on the Amazon side of your Site-to-Site VPN connection that can be attached to a single VPC.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpn/latest/s2svpn/VPC_VPN.html

## 18/26 NAT Gateway

NAT Gateway appears again. 

## 19/26 Textract is enough

Rekognition is for pre-trained. this means you need to train the model for your own use case.

## 20/26 DynamoDB TTL
DynamoDB ttl is easy to set up, and others need more development.

## 21/26 S3 Transfer Acceleration

S3 Transfer Acceleration can speed up content transfers to and from Amazon S3 by as much as 50-500% for long-distance transfer of larger objects.

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/transfer-acceleration.html

## 22/26 Aurora MySQL

when they have mysql ec2, they should use Aurora MySQL.

## 23/26 Should know the difference between AWS Secrets Manager and AWS KMS
KMS is used to manage encryption keys. Other services integrate with KMS to provide data encryption capabilities.

Secrets Manager is used to store secrets, like passwords. Secrets Manager uses KMS to encrypt your passwords when it stores them.

## 24/26 Should use RDS for SQL Server in a multi-AZ deployment.

## 25/26  Storage Gateway

S3 file gateway is for NFS and SMB, and it's a type of Storage Gateway. which can use in on-premises applications.

## 26/26 General Purpose SSD storage

for gp2, represent 3 IOPS per GB. So if you want 1000 IOPS, you need 334 GB.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/CHAP_Storage.html#Concepts.Storage.GeneralSSD

### What is the difference between gp2 and gp3?
https://www.cloudzero.com/blog/aws-gp2-vs-gp3/

gp3 is the latest generation of Amazon EBS volumes. It offers higher performance, more consistent performance, and lower costs compared to gp2.


GP, or General Purpose volumes, are one type of Elastic Block Storage (EBS) volumes. EBS offers Solid State Drive (SSD), Hard Disk Drive (HDD), and Previous generation volume types. GP volumes are SSD-backed Amazon EBS volumes.

### What is IOPS?

IOPS (Input/Output Operations Per Second) is a measure of how many read and write operations per second a storage device can perform.
